## Test environments
* local: Ubuntu Xenial 16.04 x64, R 3.3.2
* travis-ci: Ubuntu Precise 12.04 64-bit, R 3.3.1
* travis-ci: OS X El Capitan 10.11.6, R 3.3.2
* appveyor: Windows Server 2012 R2 i386, R devel
* appveyor: Windows Server 2012 R2 x64, R devel
* win-builder, R devel (https://win-builder.r-project.org/ZE7YN88jMFiS)

## R CMD check results
There was no ERRORs

There was 1 WARNING and 2 NOTEs:

* checking compiled code ... WARNING
  File ‘rbiips/libs/rbiips.so’:
  Found ‘_ZSt4cout’, possibly from ‘std::cout’ (C++)
    Object: ‘biips/src/core/graph/Graph.o’
  Found ‘exit’, possibly from ‘exit’ (C)
    Object: ‘biips/src/compiler/compiler/scanner.o’
  Found ‘stderr’, possibly from ‘stderr’ (C)
    Objects: ‘biips/src/compiler/compiler/parser.o’,
      ‘biips/src/compiler/compiler/scanner.o’
  Found ‘stdout’, possibly from ‘stdout’ (C)
    Object: ‘biips/src/compiler/compiler/scanner.o’

  Compiled code should not call entry points which might terminate R nor
  write to stdout/stderr instead of to the console, nor the system RNG.

  See ‘Writing portable packages’ in the ‘Writing R Extensions’ manual.

  These calls come from the external biips library.
  They should never be actually called.
  scanner.cc and parser.cc are automatically generated by flex/bison.

* checking installed package size ... NOTE
  installed size is 76.2Mb
  sub-directories of 1Mb or more:
    libs  75.1Mb
    
  The package embeds the complete sources of biips c++ library 
  in src/biips (only 17Mb when compiled with -O3)

* checking for GNU extensions in Makefiles ... NOTE
  GNU make is a SystemRequirements.

  I use $(wildcard) GNU make extension because the list
  of source files is too long

## Downstream dependencies
There are currently no downstream dependencies for this package.

## Resubmission
This is a resubmission. In this version I have:

* removed deprecated LICENSE file

* changed Authors@R field to call to person()

* changed to canonical URL of the CRAN page for a package: https://CRAN.R-project.org/package=pkgname

* changed title to be in title case: Bayesian Inference with Interacting Particle Systems

* removed PKG_CXXFLAGS

* added data files: out_smc.rda, out_pimh.rda, out_pmmh.rda

* reduced each examples rbiips-package and plot-methods to less than 5 sec

* changed DESCRIPTION URL field to https://biips.github.io/rbiips

* renamed vignette to rbiips_usage.Rmd
